hey guys welcome to my channel today i'm
going to be doing a first impression /
demo of the new makeup forever ultra HD
foundation this isn't available on
support com I don't believe it's
available in support of freestanding
stores however I did purchase mine at
the support site adjacent innings so if
you're trying to locate this foundation
I was just looking there so this is what
the foundation looks like and it looks
pretty much the same as the other make
up forever HD foundation except has
silver part right there and in my box it
did come with a sample of the makeup
forever step one primer the hydrating
one so we're going to using that in the
video for the demo and let's get started
so I'm starting off with clean and
moisturized skin and I'm just going to
start by using the mac fix+ and i'm just
going to use that to hydrate my skin now
I'm going to use the Makeup Forever step
one primer and this is the hydrating
primer not the sample that came with the
actual foundation by already how like a
mini sized one so I'm just going to
start by using that to prime my face now
that my face is nice and prime I'm just
going to take the foundation and I'm
going to put a few pumps on this palette
I'm going to be applying the foundation
with a damp Beauty Blender seeing how
that's how I apply it pretty much all my
foundations so now i'm going to start
applying the foundation and i normally
start with my cheek area
so from what I can see from Klein the
foundation it is a medium coverage just
like the original version version is out
i said version version of the foundation
it seems to have a nice natural satiny
finish to it and it lends out pretty
easily and so this is what the first
layer of the maker forever Ultra HD
foundation looks like um pretty good
coverage like I said it's about a medium
coverage is a nice kind of glowy glowy
natural skin like finish it's not too
satiny what's not really do be either it
just looks more like skin so I'm just
going to apply like another lecture
layer on top just to get a little bit
more coverage
so this is the second layer of the maker
faire for ultra HD foundation I would
say it is a buildable coverage it still
has that satiny will not release at
Google like come glowy skin like look to
it it doesn't really cling to any dry
patches glad you have a couple dry patch
although safe for you a couple dry
patches right here in a little bit
mention where I've been breaking out
right now it looks pretty good um I can
say that I'm pretty impressed with this
foundation so right now I'm just about
to go do the rest of my face and I'll be
back to give you my final thoughts
I back with my final impressions of the
makeup forever alter HD foundation I
wouldn't apply a full face so it's been
about I think about an hour or so since
i've had this foundation or since i
applied foundation to my face and i can
honestly say i am in love this
foundation is nothing short of amazing i
tried these first make a forever HD
foundation and i liked it but I didn't
love it not this one I can honestly say
I've loved it doesn't let cling on to my
dry patches because remember i do told
you our heads right guys i told you i
have dry patches underneath my eye and
around the chin area and hopefully it
looks good on camera i'm not sure since
i can't like see myself but this
foundation is really amazing like the
coverage is great formulations great I
feel like it's really like mimics the
skin and it gives kind of a globally
natural glow a natural finish so if
you're thinking about getting it get it
thank you guys so much for watching if
you liked the video give it a thumbs up
and leave me a comment in the comment
section below and let me know if you got
the foundation in what your shade is
thank you so much for watching bye